index.md, before:

---
layout: homepage
title: Marina Bay Singapore Countdown 2021
description: Brief site description here
image: /images/mbsc-logo.png
permalink: /
notification: Here's a notification bar you can use!
sections:
    - hero:
        title: 31 December 2020
        subtitle: Hero subtitle
        background: /images/sg.jpeg
        button: Contact Us
        url: /contact-us/
        key_highlights:
            - title: Highlight A
              description: Important highlight A is important
              url: https://google.com
            - title: Highlight B
              description: Important highlight B is equally important
              url: https://gmail.com
            - title: Page A
              description: Page A is important too
              url: /privacy/
    - infobar:
        title: Infobar title
        subtitle: Subtitle
        description: About a sentence worth of description here
        button: Button text
        url: /faq/
        
    - infobar:
        title: 2nd Infobar title
        subtitle: Subtitle
        description: About a sentence worth of description here
        button: Button text
        url: /faq/
        
    - resources:
        title: Media
        subtitle: Learn more
        button: View More
---

Commit message:

Update notification bar, hero title, hero subtitle

index.md, after:

---
layout: homepage
title: Marina Bay Singapore Countdown 2021
description: Brief site description here
image: /images/mbsc-logo.png
permalink: /
notification: Experience Marina Bay Singapore Countdown 2021 in a different light this year!
sections:
    - hero:
        title: 1st December - 31st December 2020
        subtitle: An iconic month-long feature by the bay
        background: /images/sg.jpeg
        button: Contact Us
        url: /contact-us/
        key_highlights:
            - title: Highlight A
              description: Important highlight A is important
              url: https://google.com
            - title: Highlight B
              description: Important highlight B is equally important
              url: https://gmail.com
            - title: Page A
              description: Page A is important too
              url: /privacy/
    - infobar:
        title: Infobar title
        subtitle: Subtitle
        description: About a sentence worth of description here
        button: Button text
        url: /faq/
        
    - infobar:
        title: 2nd Infobar title
        subtitle: Subtitle
        description: About a sentence worth of description here
        button: Button text
        url: /faq/
        
    - resources:
        title: Media
        subtitle: Learn more
        button: View More
---
